{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1253\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1032\deflangfe1032{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset161\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f38\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1032\langfe1032\cgrid\langnp1032\langfenp1032 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1403780}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author Yiannis Mandravellos}{\operator Yiannis Mandravellos}{\creatim\yr2005\mo1\dy26\hr15\min55}{\revtim\yr2005\mo1\dy26\hr15\min55}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords397}{\nofchars2147}{\*\company MICRELEC}
{\nofcharsws2539}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot1403780 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1032\langfe1032\cgrid\langnp1032\langfenp1032 {\b\f1\fs22\ul\lang1033\langfe1032\langnp1033\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 S}{
\b\f1\fs22\ul\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 teps required to install a compiler for use in Code::Blocks}{\f1\fs22\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 
\par Code::Blocks does not come with a compiler nor a debugger. It is left up to you to decide which compiler you want to use.
\par At this moment, Code::Blocks natively supports the following compilers:
\par 
\par \tab * GNU GCC compiler & GDB debugger
\par \tab * Microsoft Visual C++ Free Toolkit 2003
\par \tab * Borland C++ Compiler 5.5
\par 
\par When you launch Code::Blocks for the first time, it will scan the system for the above compilers (it takes virtually no time). After this scan completes, Code::Blocks will have been configured for the found compiler(s). 
Code::Blocks will also be configured even for compilers that were not found (default installation settings will be used for each of those compilers).
\par 
\par For more info on how to download and install each of the above compilers, please read on.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 Downloading the GNU GCC compiler & GDB debugger}{\b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 Go to http://www.mingw.org/download.shtml and download the file named MinGW-x.y.z.exe, where x, y and z are version numbers. 
At the time of this writing, this file is MinGW-3.1.0-1.exe.
\par This setup file contains everything needed to compile and debug windows programs.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 Downloading the Microsoft Visual C++ Free Toolkit 2003}{\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 
\par Go to "http://msdn.microsoft.com/visualc/vctoolkit2003" and click on the link labeled "Download the Visual C++ Toolkit 2003". This will download the setup file.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 Downloading the Borland C++ Compiler 5.5}{\b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 NOTE: At some point, by following the steps described below, you will be asked to register with Borland and fill out a survey. Registration is free.
\par 
\par Go to "http://www.borland.com/products/downloads/download_cbuilder.html#" and click on the link labeled "Compiler". After you accept the license agreement, you will be provided with download links to the setup file.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 Compiler-neutral setup steps}{\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1032\langnp2057\insrsid1403780\charrsid1403780 
\par Now that you have downloaded the setup file, launch the installation by double-clicking on the setup file. The actual installation process is really simple. Just press "Next" all the way and you 're done.
\par 
\par If you installed the compiler on a directory other than its default, launch Code::Blocks. If it is the first time you launch it, the compiler will be auto-detected. 
If not, go to "Settings/Configure plugins/Compiler", select the compiler you installed, switch to the "Programs" tab and press "Auto-detect". If you get a message saying that the compiler was auto-detected, congratulations! 
If not, then press the button with the three dots next to the "Auto-detect" button and select the installation directory of your compiler manually.
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1032\langnp1033\insrsid1403780 
\par }}